README.md, before:

# 42 Common Core

I will show and explain all my path in the Common Core in [42 School Barcelona][1].

*Be free to contact with me:*
<div align="left">
  <a href = "mailto:gbarulls@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/guillem-barulls-casades%C3%BAs-9906001a/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> 
</div>

##

### [**Milestone 00:**](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/00_piscine_reload)

- [Piscine Reload](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/00_piscine_reload/reload) 
	- **100% completed** ✅
	- A complete collection of exercises to remember what you have learned, a good form of training before the real "Common Core"
	- Used tecnologies:
		- C / Bash / Git / Makefile

### [**Milestone 01:**](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/01_ring)

- [LIBFT](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/01_ring/libft)  
	- **125% completed** ✅
	- This is my first project in 42 School, programming some functions in C, this is the base of the next projects as 42 student.
	- Used tecnologies:
	  	- C / Git / Makefile

### [**Milestone 02:**](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/02_ring)

- [ft_printf](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/02_ring/printf)
	- **Work in progress** 🚨
	- Recoding the famous function PRINTF for my own.
	- Used tecnologies:
	  	- C / Git / Makefile

- [Born2beroot](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/02_ring/born2beroot)
	- **Work in progress** 🚨
	- Linux and the virtualization comes together in this project, becoming a real Linux system administrator
	- Used tecnologies:
		- Debian / Rocky Linux / Bash / Vi / VirtualBox / KVM 

[1]: https://www.42barcelona.com/

Commit message:

Subiendo los readme del Milestone2, finished

README.md, after:

# 42 Common Core

I will show and explain all my path in the Common Core in [42 School Barcelona][1].

*Be free to contact with me:*
<div align="left">
  <a href = "mailto:gbarulls@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/guillem-barulls-casades%C3%BAs-9906001a/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> 
</div>

##

### [**Milestone 00:**](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/00_piscine_reload)

- [Piscine Reload](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/00_piscine_reload/reload) 
	- **100% completed** ✅
	- A complete collection of exercises to remember what you have learned, a good form of training before the real "Common Core"
	- Used technologies:
		- C / Bash / Git / Makefile

### [**Milestone 01:**](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/01_ring)

- [LIBFT](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/01_ring/libft)  
	- **125% completed** ✅
	- This is my first project in 42 School, programming some functions in C, this is the base of the next projects as 42 student.
	- Used technologies:
	  	- C / Git / Makefile

### [**Milestone 02:**](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/02_ring)

- [ft_printf](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/02_ring/printf)
	- **100% completed** ✅
	- Recoding the famous function PRINTF for my own.
	- Used technologies:
	  	- C / Git / Makefile

- [Born2beroot](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/02_ring/born2beroot)
	- **125% completed** ✅
	- Linux and the virtualization comes together in this project, becoming a real Linux system administrator
	- Used technologies:
		- Debian / Rocky Linux / Bash / Vi / VirtualBox / KVM 
- [Get Next Line](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/02_ring/getnextline)
	- **120% completed** ✅
	- Read from a file, and return one line, every execution.
	- Used technologies:
		- C / Git


### [**Milestone 03:**](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/02_ring)

- [Exam01](https://github.com/zikocult/Cursus42/tree/main/exams)
	- **Work in progress** 🚨
	- Consisting of four questions with incremental difficulty and you have a limit of three hours to complete,  only achieving 100% on this exams is considered passing.
	-  Used technologies:
		- C 

[1]: https://www.42barcelona.com/
